BD-3566 Add to Aborting Liquid Messages (#8250)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/liquid/aborting_messages.md

![Message error log in the Developer Console with an abort message of "language was nil".][26]

## Query for abort messages

> You can use [Query Builder]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/data_and_analytics/query_builder/) or your own database warehouse to query for specific abort messages that are triggered when Liquid logic causes a message to abort.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use [Query Builder]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/data_and_analytics/query_builder/) or your own data warehouse, if it's connected to Braze, to query for specific abort messages that are triggered when Liquid logic causes a message to abort.
```
